---
layout: post
title: Hablando profesionalmente
---

JALASOFT BOLIVIA
August 2015 – Present  
Role: Quality Engineer
Duties: Starting on the Black Box testing Quality assurance role, contributed ensuring the quality of an outsource product on the United States. Due to my knowledge on the Web Security area I was moved to start the security initiative of the main product of this company, given the duty to create plans and perform penetration testing to find gaps and prevent hacking attempts.

AIESEC BOLIVIA
September 2014 – February 2015 
Role: Cultural Envoy for Exchange Development 
Duties: Helped the National team to plan strategies and design a path on the organization to follow and complete, managing goals objectives, programs and helping the Bolivia entity to be consider as a full member for that specific year. Also raised funds to keep operations ongoing.

WEB DEVELOPMENT PERSONAL PROJECT
August 2013 – January 2014
Role: Programmer
Duties: Programmed different web sites and helped on the creation of different web sites. Use of languages like Javascript, PHP, HTML5, networking.

WESTERN UNION
March 2011 – July 2013
Role: Senior Technical Process Technician
Duties: monitor and give support to online servers and virtual machines, also basic troubleshooting on issues with databases as SQL, Oracle and AS400, be participant into conferences and bridges to troubleshoot different kind of issues during the process of money transference.

Convergys Corporation
July 2010 – march 2011
Role: Floor Support Assistance
Duties: To provide information and help with advanced knowledge with Internet connections and
VoIP to Customer Service Agents (high intermediate questions on network connections).

Convergys Corporation
August 2010
Role: Team Lead Back up
Duties: To handle a team of customer service agents and work on their schedules, metrics and 
performance. Knowledge on advance call center objectives, procedures, policies and goals.

<blockquote>
### “If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.” - Nikola Tesla
</blockquote>
